feat(angular): Replace "Getting Started" with Wizard Quick Start and Manual Setup pages (#13472)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/index.mdx

---
title: Angular

> description: 'Learn how to set up Sentry in your Angular application'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to set up Sentry in your Angular application and capture your first errors.'
```

sdk: sentry.javascript.angular
categories:
  - javascript
  - browser
---

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-prerequisites" />

## Step 1: Install

> If you're using Angular 17 or newer, we recommend installing Sentry using the installation wizard. Run the following command within your project:

Reviewer: "If you're using Angular 17 or newer, we recommend installing Sentry using the installation wizard." -> This information would be more helpful in the Prerequisites section (similar to here: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nuxt/)

```bash
npx @sentry/wizard@latest -i angular
```

> <Expandable level="warning" title="Are you using Angular 16 or older?">

Reviewer: I'd also like to move this up into the Prerequisites section, like we did here: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nuxt/manual-setup/

Reviewer: Then users know if they can/should continue with this guide before starting with Step 1

> If you're using older Angular versions than Angular 17, install and <PlatformLink to="/manual-setup">Set Up the SDK Manually</PlatformLink>. The Sentry Angular SDK still works for Angular versions 14 and newer but the installation wizards requires

Reviewer: To help make this clearer, name the same Angular version in the title of the expandable and the first sentence in the content (so either Angular 16 or 17)

at least Angular 17.

</Expandable>

The wizard then guides you through the setup process, asking you to enable additional (optional) Sentry features for your application beyond error monitoring.

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-features-expandable" />

> This guide assumes that you enable all features and allow the wizard to create an example page and route. You can add or remove features at any time, but setting them up now will save you the effort of configuring them manually later.

Reviewer: Here we write "... allow the wizard to create an example page and route" but in the list "What does the installation wizard change inside your application?" we say: "Adds an example component to your application...".

Please update here or in the list with what the wizard does 👍

<Expandable title="What does the installation wizard change inside your application?">

> - Adds a `Sentry.init()` call into your `main.ts` file.
> - Registers the Sentry `ErrorHandler` and `TraceService` and in your `app.config.ts` file.
> - Creates `.sentryclirc` with an auth token to upload source maps (this file is automatically added to `.gitignore`)
> - Walks you through enabling source maps upload when making a production build, locally as well as in CI.
> - Adds an example component to your application to help verify your Sentry setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a `Sentry.init()` call into your `main.ts` file
- Registers the Sentry `ErrorHandler` and `TraceService`, and in your `app.config.ts` file
- Creates `.sentryclirc` with an auth token to upload source maps (this file is automatically added to `.gitignore`)
- Walks you through enabling source maps upload when making a production build, locally as well as in CI
- Adds an example component to your application to help verify your Sentry setup
```

Reviewer: -> to be consistent with the other wizard guides

</Expandable>

## Step 2: Verify

> If you haven't tested your Sentry configuration yet, let's do it now. You can confirm that Sentry is working properly and sending data to your Sentry project by using the example component created by the installation wizard:

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be "send" here? Because of "You can confirm" --> "You can ... send"
```suggestion
If you haven't tested your Sentry configuration yet, let's do it now. You can confirm that Sentry is working properly and send data to your Sentry project by using the example component created by the installation wizard:
```

Author: Ah I think this sentence isn't clear on the subject. technically it is correct because you can verify that *sentry* is working and sending data but let's re-word and simplify this a bit

```suggestion
If you haven't tested your Sentry configuration yet, let's do it now. You can confirm that the Sentry SDK is sending data to your Sentry project by using the example component created by the installation wizard:
```

Reviewer 2: Ahh yeah that makes more sense :D

I see this wording is also used on the Next.js and Nuxt pages - we should also update it here. Do you want to do this in this PR?
